<h3>Digital Library Search Engine</h3>
<p> The aim of this project is to build a Digital Library search engine for electronic theses and dissertations (ETDs). The first page of the website contains the Register and the Login options along with a search bar for users who aren’t logged in or who don’t have any registered accounts. The users who haven’t logged in can search for the ETDs and view them, but they aren’t allowed to upload any new ETDs. Once the user logs in, they have the search bar on the landing page, where they can search for any keywords and their relevant ETD’s titles along with other metadata like author, university, abstract will be printed. The titles that are printed are hyperlinks to the summary page of the ETD. The summary page consists of all the metadata like title, author, advisor , year published, abstract, degree, university and a link to open the pdf of that ETD. The logged in users can also upload a new ETD and search for it in the search bar. I’ve used HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and JavaScript for the front-end of the website whereas for the backend I’ve used PHP. This website is built using Laravel, which is a PHP Framework for Web Artisans and Elasticsearch, which is a distributed, full-text search engine with an HTTP web interface and JSON objects. A RESTful API is implemented so that users can query the search engine on the terminal/ command line using curl. Each user is given with a random key and one can query the search engine on terminal using that specific key only. The user can even customize the number results to be printed on the screen. </p>
